author topic problem_id point_id solved
licejus 2017 6 0 False
licejus 2017 6 1 True
licejus 2017 6 2 True
licejus 2017 6 3 True
licejus 2017 4b 0 False
licejus 2017 4b 1 False
licejus 2017 4b 2 True
licejus 2017 7a 0 False
licejus 2017 7a 1 False
licejus 2017 7a 2 True
licejus 2017 7a 3 False
licejus 2017 7a 4 True
licejus 2017 7b 0 False
licejus 2017 7b 1 False
simonas proofs 1a 0 False
simonas proofs 1a 1 True
simonas proofs 1a 2 True
simonas proofs 1b 0 False
simonas proofs 1b 1 False
simonas proofs 1b 2 True
simonas proofs 1b 3 True
simonas tables 8 0 True
simonas tables 8 1 True